Okay listen closely. He was pierced for our transgressions. He was crushed for
our iniquities. Punishment that brought us peace was on him and by his wounds we
are healed. By his wounds we are healed. So where is this from? The Old Testament
or the New Testament? I'm gonna say the other one because it doesn't sound like
the Tanakh. New Testament. Old Testament. Tanakh. Why do you think that's from the
New Testament? It sounded like they were talking about Jesus.
I don't know why. It's a feeling. I can't say why. It's from the Old Testament. All that I knew is a trick.
It's no trick. I'm telling you it's so similar. People think that it's like a
Western religion and it has nothing to do with Judaism but this is so close to
Judaism it's crazy. So the next one you ready? For to us a child is born, a son is
given, and the government shall be upon his shoulder, Everlasting Father, Prince
of Peace, New Testament. Again I would assume that this one is from the New Testament I think.
The other one. What's it called? New Testament. The New Testament. Something about the Prince of Peace.
Right. Like it got me right away. No I mean yeah it definitely sounds like New
Testament stuff. Excellent. Tanakh. One more. They will look on me whom they have
pierced and they will mourn for him. I'm gonna say as one mourns for an only son
and they will weep bitterly over him like the bitter weeping of a firstborn.
I mean I'm gonna say New Testament but it's probably Old Testament. Yeah that's
right. Can I ask you why did you think that the
parts sounded like New Testament? Oh it sounded like he was getting pierced to the cross or something.
And this is 700 years before Jesus is born. Who is he talking about? Last one.
For I'm not ashamed of the gospel. To everyone who believes to the Jew
first and also to the Greek. I mean I'm gonna say the new again but is it the old?
This is the New Testament. Oh this is the new. I don't think they were talking too much
about Greeks in the Old Testament. Yes. You got it. You got it. The New Testament.
You're right. Bro we got four for four. Four for four. You win. You win the
Brit HaChadasha. You initially thought it was from the Tanakh and why? You know we are
the chosen ones by God. Yes. And something about talking about the non-Jews
is more modern. That's a great point. Did you know that that God told Abraham
that from him, from his seed, will become a great blessing to all the
nations? Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah so this is why we're here because we want
people to understand that the Tanakh gives a promise and the New Testament
fulfills that promise in Yeshua. Like Yeshua he's the only person that can fit
the description of the Mashiach. Only person. And so we're trying to teach
people that, Regha, open the eyes and look for yourselves. Read some of the
Tanakh. Read the New Testament. You can see for yourself what it's talking about
because we feel that our life is on the line here. And so if people aren't
thinking about how they can secure their future with God and their last day comes
it's scary. So we just want to share with people where they can find eternal
salvation and forgiveness. Yeah so if you're interested we have a New
Testament in Hebrew we can give to you for you to read. Really? Yeah. Why not? Okay.
I'd love to. Cool. Let me get it for you. You might want to actually start in the
in the Tanakh on the last book. Malachi. And go right into here. All right. And
you'll see a narrative that takes you from here to there. It's very smooth. It's
a smooth transition. It's wonderful. And read this because this is for our
Jewish people. If you open it up and you read the first verse, open it up,
Read the first verse of the New Testament.
Okay. So does this sound like something foreign to our Jewish people? Does that
sound like something Zahar? Not at all. Something foreign? Something from the
Christians? It's theirs. It's not ours? No. It sounds mine. It sounds very Jewish. Right. And all you
needed to do is look at the very first sentence to find out. Yeah. So look
through that and you can contact us if you want to if you have any questions.
Amazing. All right. Thank you very much. You are amazing. Thank you. I think you need a lot of
faith to say that this has nothing to do with Judaism. Yeah and it's important for
us to be able to share with our Jewish people the Jewishness of the New
Testament and not the fact that it's just Jewish but that it delivers on the
promises of the Old Testament. Yeah. I loved how people were so surprised to
see prophecies that were happening 700 years before Jesus and think that it was
written in the New Testament. Right. And we didn't even tell them that it was
Jesus. They just said this looks like Jesus. How can this not be Jesus? That
needs to be the question. Exactly. Exactly. I hope you guys enjoy this type of video.
If you guys like this type of video, don't forget to like, share, subscribe,
and comment. And comment. And you can actually connect with us down in the
description. We have our email down there. That's great. Thank you so guys for
watching. Pray for the Jewish people here in Israel. God bless you all. Amen.